

Formula: 

(p - 1) / (t + 2)^1.5

Description: 

Votes divided by age factor

p = votes (points) from users.
t = time since submission in hours.

p is subtracted by 1 to negate submiter's vote.
age factor is (time since submission in hours plus two) to the power of 1.5.

No points "from users up-voting" (my bad) :P

    * Weblink
          o Name
          o Link
          o Date
          o Points
          o Score (if we don't want to calculate all the entries every time there is a request)
    * Member
          o LastName
          o ...
          o Karma (aka score but with the Hacker News Term)
          
Actually you need to calculate the score immediately in order not to
loose the time delay. When I click on the upper arrow on the web link
it gets one point more but the score is recalculated based on the
formula. If I click 3 days later the score will increase a bit, but if
I click immediately after the web link is posted the score will be
higher. Is this a correct reasoning?

No. 
Time delay is the difference in time between the request to display sorted links/comments 
and the submission time.

Member one-to-many Comment (my comments)
Member one-to-many WebLink (my submissions)
WebLink one-to-many Comment (comments on the web link)
Comment one-to-many Comment (comments on the comment)

Member properties from HN:

    * Saved: Number of stories (web links) that you have up-voted
      onClick transfer to a page that display those stories
    * show-dead: show unpublished stories and comments
    * no-procrastination: If you turn it on by setting it to "yes," you'll only be allowed to visit 
      the site for max-visit minutes at a time, with gaps of min-away minutes in between. 
      The defaults are 20 and 180, which would let you view the site for 20 minutes at a time, 
      and then not allow you back in for 3 hours. You can override no-procrastination if you want, 
      in which case your visit clock starts over at zero.
    * delay: (in minutes) between when you create a comment and when it's visible to others.

show-dead: show unpublished stories and comments

Does that mean that comments may be disapproved?
I suppose that a moderator (there are 30 moderators at HN) can un-publish a comment.

delay: (in minutes) between when you create a comment and when it's visible to others.

Do you understand the rationale?
Yes, its a counter to flame wars. Many sites have a delay to comment reply, because sometimes a series 
of replies looks more like a chat screen than a comment screen :D
As to why they let the user set this.. this is a mystery. 

StatelessForm

From the Wicket In Actions book

"It’s possible (although probably rare) for a user to go to the login screen, decide to do something 
else for an hour, then try to log in using that page of the now-expired session, and be confronted with a
session-expired message."

